     1→======== page_websocket.json ========
     2→TITLE: Websocket no longer allowed? - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums
     3→TEXT LEN: 3080
     4→Websocket no longer allowed? - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums Skip to last reply Skip to top Skip to main content Log In ​ Topics More Categories Beginners Intermediate Course Research Models All categories ​ ​ You can login using your huggingface.co credentials. This forum is powered by Discourse and relies on a trust-level system . As a new user, you’re temporarily limited in the number of topics and posts you can create. To lift those restrictions, just spend time reading other posts (to be precise, enter 5 topics, read through 30 posts and spend a total of 10 minutes reading). Start with reading this post . Then maybe someone already had that error that is bugging you check with a quick search . Or you can read the latest awesome paper the team discussed. Websocket no longer allowed? Spaces You have selected 0 posts. select all cancel selecting 1.8k views 4 links 2 Jun 2023 1 / 5 Jun 2023 Sep 2023 post by MarkusStoll on Jun 9, 2023 MarkusStoll Jun 2023 We’ve been working with several Hugging Face Spaces without issue until recently. However, from last day onwards, all of our Spaces have been failing to work as expected. It appears that we can’t establish a websocket connection anymore, with the following error: Firefox can’t establish a connection to the server at wss://renumics-cifar100-enriched.hf.space/api/ws. We are unsure if there has been any changes to websocket permissions or connectivity on the Hugging Face Spaces platform. This error is replicated across all the Spaces we’ve been working on. Public Example: Explore CIFAR-100 Enriched with Spotlight - a Hugging Face Space by renumics 1 ​ ​ 1.8k views 4 links 2 post by freddyaboulton on Jun 9, 2023 freddyaboulton Jun 2023 @chris-rannou Could this be caused by the recent hub migration? ​ ​ post by MarkusStoll on Jun 15, 2023 MarkusStoll 1 Jun 2023 we have replaced wsproto with websockets in our app - now it works again https://github.com/Renumics/spotlight/commit/c3d64ba3a650a626483b7acee6c2a2977d93d83b 1 ​ ​ post by radames on Jun 15, 2023 radames Jun 2023 interesting, do you know what’s the difference? ​ ​ 3 months later post by pplonski on Sep 23, 2023 pplonski Sep 2023 I’m also interested what was the reason of break. I’m working on framework called Mercury - GitHub - mljar/mercury: Convert Jupyter Notebooks to Web Apps I have few demos that work perfectly on HF. Recently I got info from users that is stopped to work … Here is an example app Deploy Mercury - a Hugging Face Space by pplonski Any ideas or tips? Thank you! ​ ​ Reply Related topics Topic list, column headers with buttons are sortable. Topic Replies Views Activity Issues Connecting to Model mistralai/Mixtral-8x7B-Instruct-v0.1 via WebSocket since October 14th Spaces 6 222 Oct 2024 Some SD WebUI spaces “blank” Spaces 0 413 Jun 2023 HF Space stuck at Starting Spaces 2 1.2k Nov 2025 Was there a HF update that affects spaces container networking? Spaces 2 311 Jun 2023 I keep getting error when attempting to connect to some domains e.g, web.whatsapp socket, facebook etc Spaces 3 405 Jan 2025 &nbsp; &nbsp;
     5→
     6→======== page_vercel.json ========
     7→TITLE: Cannot reach an API hosted on Vercel from a HuggingFace Space - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums
     8→TEXT LEN: 9920
     9→Cannot reach an API hosted on Vercel from a HuggingFace Space - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums Skip to last reply Skip to top Skip to main content Log In ​ Topics More Categories Beginners Intermediate Course Research Models All categories ​ ​ You can login using your huggingface.co credentials. This forum is powered by Discourse and relies on a trust-level system . As a new user, you’re temporarily limited in the number of topics and posts you can create. To lift those restrictions, just spend time reading other posts (to be precise, enter 5 topics, read through 30 posts and spend a total of 10 minutes reading). Start with reading this post . Then maybe someone already had that error that is bugging you check with a quick search . Or you can read the latest awesome paper the team discussed. Cannot reach an API hosted on Vercel from a HuggingFace Space Spaces You have selected 0 posts. select all cancel selecting 326 views 2 links 3 Nov 2025 1 / 4 Nov 2025 Nov 2025 post by pbernard on Nov 16, 2025 pbernard 1 Nov 2025 Hey I have created a simple gradio app: RealFaviconGenerator MCP Server - a Hugging Face Space by MCP-1st-Birthday This app is supposed to connect to RealFaviconGenerator API, hosted on Vercel, to analyze a favicon. When I start this app locally with uv run app.py , I can issue an analysis from the “Favicon analysis” tab. However, in the app running on HuggingFace (see link above), it doesn’t work. Instead, I get a timeout. I created two '“debug tools”, Ping website and Check domain, to investigate. Here are my findings: On my machine, everything works: I can access RealFaviconGenerator API, access any website such as Amazon’s and resolve any domain such as Google’s. On HuggingFace, everything works but HTTP access to RealFaviconGenerator: whenever I try to use RealFaviconGenerator API or access a page of RealFaviconGenerator, I get a timeout. The rest works: realfavicongenerator.net can be resolved as a domain, and I can access the homepages of Amazon, etc. At this point, I know the issue is when HuggingFace and Vercel are involved. I’m able to reproduce the issue with another website hosted on Vercel, which reinforce this hypothesis. The issue might be due to the WAF of Vercel. What I tried: Add a rule to Vercel WAF to prevent check on routes starting with /api/v2/ Disable WAF entirely To no avail: I still get the same timeouts. I wanted to whitelist IPs from HuggingFace, but I couldn’t find them. Although I’m confident the issue is due to the HF-Vercel interaction, I don’t know what’s wrong and I couldn’t find anything relevant online. Any though? 1 ​ ​ ReadTimeout on Outbound HTTPS from HF Space to graph.facebook.com Calling Wrangler from Docker Space fails to connect, Same with Node fetch to Cloudflare 326 views 2 links 3 post by pbernard on Nov 16, 2025 pbernard Nov 2025 I posted the same issue on Vercel forum at Cannot access an API hosted on Vercel from a HuggingFace Space - Help - Vercel Community 1 ​ ​ post by John6666 on Nov 16, 2025 John6666 Regular Nov 2025 I set up a test space and did some quick verification, but the behavior differs from the typical blocking issues seen with HF. It’s probably more of a network problem leaning toward Vercel than HF. Given everything you’ve observed and what’s documented about Vercel and Hugging Face, the remaining plausible causes rank roughly like this: 1) Vercel’s platform-level firewall / DDoS mitigation is blocking your Space’s egress IP(s) Why it fits best: From the Space: DNS: realfavicongenerator.net → 76.76.21.21 (correct Vercel apex IP). ( Vercel ) GET https://www.google.com → HTTP 200 in ~57 ms (so outbound HTTPS in general is fine). Any https://realfavicongenerator.net/... → TCP connect timeout to 76.76.21.21:443 (never reaches TLS or HTTP). From your laptop: Same URLs to realfavicongenerator.net work normally. Vercel’s architecture matches this pattern: They run a platform-wide firewall + DDoS mitigation in front of all projects, before your own WAF rules. This layer can drop or throttle traffic it considers abusive or suspicious, especially from shared IPs or proxies. Their documentation explicitly warns that traffic coming from reverse proxies / shared egress IPs can be misclassified and blocked at this system layer, and they provide “bypass” mechanisms for trusted IP ranges. ( Reddit ) Your Hugging Face Space is exactly such a shared-egress environment: many users’ apps share a small pool of outbound IPs. If one or more of those IPs got flagged by Vercel’s DDoS system, connections from those IPs to 76.76.21.21:443 would be dropped, producing exactly the ConnectTimeout you’re seeing. This also explains why: Changing or disabling your project WAF rules has no effect: those rules run after the platform firewall, so traffic blocked by system-level mitigations never reaches them. So, top hypothesis: Vercel’s system firewall/DDoS has (temporarily or permanently) blocked one or more Hugging Face egress IPs. 2) Hugging Face Spaces outbound filtering / firewall is blocking connections to 76.76.21.21 (or a Vercel range) Why it’s also quite plausible: Hugging Face has confirmed that Spaces can make outbound HTTP(S) requests, but some external URLs/domains are intentionally blocked “to prevent abuse” , even though others work. There are multiple forum threads where: The same code works locally. The same host fails only from Spaces, often with DNS errors ( ENOTFOUND , NameResolutionError ) or connection errors, for specific APIs (e.g. Telegram, WIT.ai, some custom APIs), while other internet hosts work from the same Space. Your case is a bit different (DNS succeeds, TCP connect times out), but it is still fully consistent with an HF-side egress firewall or routing ACL that silently drops packets to 76.76.21.21 (or a broader Vercel address range) while allowing other destinations. Reasons this is slightly less likely than (1): HF’s published/observed blocking usually manifests as DNS failures or explicit errors for specific domains, rather than blackholing a major anycast IP like 76.76.21.21, which would affect many Vercel sites at once. Blocking all traffic to the main Vercel apex IP would be a pretty coarse rule; not impossible, but heavy-handed. Still, it remains a strong candidate until either HF or Vercel confirms what they see on their side. 3) A routing / peering issue between Hugging Face’s hosting provider and Vercel for 76.76.21.21 Why it’s possible but less likely than (1)/(2): Conceptually, you could have a broken route or peering problem between HF’s data center and the anycast network behind 76.76.21.21: DNS resolves correctly. SYN packets leave the Space’s network but hit a black hole somewhere between HF and Vercel. This would also produce pure connect timeouts exactly like you see. However: 76.76.21.21 is a widely used Vercel anycast IP. A generic routing issue affecting that IP would likely impact other customers / regions and would probably surface quickly in Vercel’s own monitoring and status channels. ( Vercel ) Such peering issues usually affect specific paths/regions temporarily and are often transient; your behavior seems stable and reproducible. So this is a plausible third-place candidate: a specific path problem between HF’s network and Vercel’s anycast edge, but not the first thing to bet on. 4) Misconfigured Vercel project-level WAF / app or TLS-level issue Why it’s now low-probability: Your stack traces show the failure at TCP connect ( sock.connect ), before TLS, so it is not: A TLS handshake failure. An HTTP redirect loop. A 4xx/5xx from your app. You already: Added a WAF rule to exclude /api/v2/* . Disabled the WAF entirely. Confirmed your API responds normally from your laptop / normal networks. Because of the order of operations (platform firewall/DDoS first, then WAF, then your app), anything misconfigured at the WAF or app level would still require the TCP connection to succeed first, which it doesn’t. So while you might have minor WAF tweaks to make l
    10→
    11→======== page_telegram.json ========
    12→TITLE: I'm having trouble with the Telegram API and other services - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums
    13→TEXT LEN: 3213
    14→I'm having trouble with the Telegram API and other services - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums Skip to last reply Skip to top Skip to main content Log In ​ Topics More Categories Beginners Intermediate Course Research Models All categories ​ ​ You can login using your huggingface.co credentials. This forum is powered by Discourse and relies on a trust-level system . As a new user, you’re temporarily limited in the number of topics and posts you can create. To lift those restrictions, just spend time reading other posts (to be precise, enter 5 topics, read through 30 posts and spend a total of 10 minutes reading). Start with reading this post . Then maybe someone already had that error that is bugging you check with a quick search . Or you can read the latest awesome paper the team discussed. I’m having trouble with the Telegram API and other services Spaces You have selected 0 posts. select all cancel selecting 298 views 2 2 Mar 21 1 / 4 Mar 21 Mar 22 post by Yking23 on Mar 21 Yking23 Mar 21 For the past two weeks, I’ve been having an issue with N8N on my Hugging Face Space. Whenever I enter my Telegram API key, I get this error: “The connection cannot be established; this usually occurs due to an incorrect host (domain) value.” Here is my Dockerfile: " # Use the official stable image FROM n8nio/n8n:latest # Switch to the root user to ensure we can modify the variables USER root # Set the port required by Hugging Face ENV N8N_PORT=7860 # Force n8n not to use internal SSL because HF provides it ready-made ENV N8N_PROTOCOL=http # Most important step: Specify the data folder in a writable location ENV N8N_USER_ID=1000 ENV N8N_CONFIG_FILES=/home/node/.n8n/config # Run n8n using the default command from the official image # This ensures that all environment paths are correctly recognized ENTRYPOINT [“tini”, “–”, “/docker-entrypoint.sh”] " So, is there a solution or not? 1 ​ ​ 298 views 2 2 post by John6666 on Mar 22 John6666 Regular Mar 22 Apparently, access to certain domains—such as the Telegram API—is intentionally blocked from Hugging Face Spaces. While a temporary workaround might be found, I expect it will eventually be patched (if possible)… N8n on Hugging Face Space: getaddrinfo ENOTFOUND api.telegram.org Connection Error Spaces This is intended behavior, huggingface will start cracking down on external requests as the majority of users have been abusing it Response of HF staff: [1000002431] 1 ​ ​ post by Yking23 on Mar 22 Yking23 Mar 22 But if I use WebhookRelay or a similar service, would that work? 1 ​ ​ post by John6666 on Mar 22 John6666 Regular Mar 22 completely no idea… 1 ​ ​ Reply Related topics Topic list, column headers with buttons are sortable. Topic Replies Views Activity N8n on Hugging Face Space: getaddrinfo ENOTFOUND api.telegram.org Connection Error Spaces 23 2.1k May 6 [Outbound Connection/DNS Error] n8n Space failing to reach external APIs (Facebook/Telegram) Spaces 2 204 May 7 Dns errors with youtube? Beginners 5 485 Jul 2025 I keep getting error when attempting to connect to some domains e.g, web.whatsapp socket, facebook etc Spaces 3 405 Jan 2025 Bad gateway error when calling space endpoint from N8N Spaces 1 68 Sep 2025 &nbsp; &nbsp;
    15→
    16→======== page_complaint.json ========
    17→TITLE: Official Community Complaint: Revert Free CPU Basic Spaces and Remove Anti-Developer SDK Restrictions - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums
    18→TEXT LEN: 4913
    19→Official Community Complaint: Revert Free CPU Basic Spaces and Remove Anti-Developer SDK Restrictions - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums Skip to last reply Skip to top Skip to main content Log In ​ Topics More Categories Beginners Intermediate Course Research Models All categories ​ ​ You can login using your huggingface.co credentials. This forum is powered by Discourse and relies on a trust-level system . As a new user, you’re temporarily limited in the number of topics and posts you can create. To lift those restrictions, just spend time reading other posts (to be precise, enter 5 topics, read through 30 posts and spend a total of 10 minutes reading). Start with reading this post . Then maybe someone already had that error that is bugging you check with a quick search . Or you can read the latest awesome paper the team discussed. Official Community Complaint: Revert Free CPU Basic Spaces and Remove Anti-Developer SDK Restrictions Spaces You have selected 0 posts. select all cancel selecting 1.1k views 47 likes 1 link 7 users 4 2 2 Summarize Jul 12 1 / 12 Jul 12 29d ago post by arthpandeyofficial on Jul 12 arthpandeyofficial 1 Jul 12 To the Hugging Face Team and Board, I am writing to express the community’s extreme frustration regarding the recent layout overhauls to the Hugging Face free tier. Specifically, the decisions to completely eliminate the free CPU Basic instance flavor, lock down both the Docker and Gradio SDKs for unpaid personal/organization spaces, and force everyone onto a highly restricted ZeroGPU tier. The current ZeroGPU restrictions—limiting free tier users to a handful of requests or a few minutes of compute per day—make it completely impossible to debug code, test multi-model routing architectures, or run sustained experiments. Frankly, because of these strict, unusable limits, the community does not care about the ZeroGPU allocation. We would gladly trade it away to have the platform work the way it was originally supposed to. Hugging Face built its massive reputation by being the ultimate hub for accessible open-source AI. Locking out independent developers and free organizations from creating standard CPU-driven spaces completely kills grassroots innovation. We strongly urge the product team and board to: Revert the hardware changes and make the standalone CPU Basic tier completely free and unmetered again. Remove the paywalls on SDK configurations for both personal accounts and unpaid organizations, allowing raw Docker and Gradio layouts to deploy on basic CPU hardware without restrictions. Accessibility is what made this platform great. Please stop locking out the very community that helped build Hugging Face. Sincerely, An Independent Open-Source Developer 32 ​ ​ Space is permanently stuck on "Paused" after push in free account 1.1k views 47 likes 1 link 7 users 4 2 2 Summarize post by hung319 on Jul 12 hung319 Jul 12 I also hope it will return, even if with slightly reduced specifications. ​ ​ post by kaushikpaul on Jul 12 kaushikpaul Jul 12 Yes, it was very unethical how they handled it. They just straight away restricted it without any warning or advance announcement. You can’t even update your existing gradio spaces as well so all exisitng free spaces will soon fade and will stop working. There is still no announcement. 3 ​ ​ post by PrinzPesia on Jul 12 PrinzPesia Jul 12 I am also really shocked and frustrated that Hugging Face has removed the free CPU Basic tier. Because of this, I am now looking for an alternative platform before all of my existing CPU Basic models potentially disappear as well. ​ ​ post by hung319 on Jul 12 hung319 Jul 12 There are very few platforms that can compare to huggingface; if you find one, could you please share it here? 2 Replies ​ ​ post by PrinzPesia on Jul 13 PrinzPesia Jul 13 So, the first thing I found is Google Colab. There is also a free CPU option available. However, the downside is that the server is automatically shut down after a short period of inactivity if you are not active in Google Colab (for example, if you leave the Colab page). But as far as I know, it should also be fully compatible with Python Gradio, just like we know it from Hugging Face. 2 ​ ​ post by hung319 on Jul 13 hung319 Jul 13 It’s fine, but it’s limited to 12 hours per session. ​ ​ post by Kongo-Otto on Jul 13 post by rikunarita on Jul 14 post by arthpandeyofficial on Jul 18 post by GWX101 on Jul 20 post by hung319 on Jul 21 Reply Related topics Topic list, column headers with buttons are sortable. Topic Replies Views Activity New free accounts cannot create CPU Basic Gradio Spaces (only ZeroGPU available?) Spaces 1 604 Jul 9 Gradio SDK now marked as “Paid” when creating a new Space Spaces 3 579 Jul 13 Spaces Changed to paid Spaces 0 286 Jul 15 Limits on Gradio API (HF Spaces) Spaces 1 414 Mar 2025 403 CPU-Basic quota limit on my first and only Space Spaces 0 23 4d &nbsp; &nbsp;
    20→
    21→======== page_n8n.json ========
    22→TITLE: [Outbound Connection/DNS Error] n8n Space failing to reach external APIs (Facebook/Telegram) - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums
    23→TEXT LEN: 4450
    24→[Outbound Connection/DNS Error] n8n Space failing to reach external APIs (Facebook/Telegram) - Spaces - Hugging Face Forums Skip to last reply Skip to top Skip to main content Log In ​ Topics More Categories Beginners Intermediate Course Research Models All categories ​ ​ You can login using your huggingface.co credentials. This forum is powered by Discourse and relies on a trust-level system . As a new user, you’re temporarily limited in the number of topics and posts you can create. To lift those restrictions, just spend time reading other posts (to be precise, enter 5 topics, read through 30 posts and spend a total of 10 minutes reading). Start with reading this post . Then maybe someone already had that error that is bugging you check with a quick search . Or you can read the latest awesome paper the team discussed. [Outbound Connection/DNS Error] n8n Space failing to reach external APIs (Facebook/Telegram) Spaces You have selected 0 posts. select all cancel selecting Apr 7 1 / 3 Apr 7 May 7 post by Yking23 on Apr 7 Yking23 Apr 7 Hi everyone, I am running an automated workflow instance (n8n) using a Docker container inside a Hugging Face Space. The deployment itself works perfectly, but I am facing a persistent issue when the workflow tries to make outbound HTTP requests to specific external APIs, namely the Facebook Graph API ( graph.facebook.com ) and the Telegram API ( api.telegram.org ). Whenever the workflow triggers these nodes, I receive the following error: “Couldn’t connect with these settings. The connection cannot be established, this usually occurs due to an incorrect host (domain) value.” What I suspect: This behavior strongly points to either a DNS resolution failure inside the Space container or a firewall/network policy blocking outbound traffic to these specific domains. My questions to the community/staff: Are there known outbound network restrictions or blocked domains on Hugging Face Spaces (specifically for social media APIs)? If this is a DNS issue, is there a recommended way to force custom DNS settings (e.g., 8.8.8.8 ) within the Space’s configuration or Dockerfile? Space URL: N8n - a Hugging Face Space by yking21 Has anyone experienced this while running n8n or similar automation tools on Spaces? Any insights or workarounds would be highly appreciated! Thanks in advance. 1 ​ ​ ReadTimeout on Outbound HTTPS from HF Space to graph.facebook.com 204 views 2 links post by John6666 on Apr 7 John6666 Regular Apr 7 The criteria aren’t clear, but it seems Hugging Face is intentionally restricting access to external APIs that could potentially be exploited for creating bots. I don’t know the reason, but there must be one. There may be workarounds, but if they’re discovered, those workarounds will likely be blocked as well. N8n on Hugging Face Space: getaddrinfo ENOTFOUND api.telegram.org Connection Error Spaces This is intended behavior, huggingface will start cracking down on external requests as the majority of users have been abusing it Response of HF staff: [1000002431] ​ ​ 29 days later post by alisaadhq on May 7 alisaadhq 1 May 7 TeleBridge is a lightweight Vercel proxy that solves Telegram API access/banning issues by routing all Telegram traffic through a public Vercel endpoint. Use this as the Telegram Credential Base URL in n8n: https://tele-bridge-cyan.vercel.app github.com GitHub - expher510/TeleBridge Contribute to expher510/TeleBridge development by creating an account on GitHub. Do not add a trailing slash. After updating the credential: Save the Telegram credential. Deactivate the workflow if it is already active. Activate the workflow again. n8n will automatically register the Telegram webhook through TeleBridge. All Telegram nodes should then work normally, including triggers, message actions, callback actions, chat actions, and file actions. image 1470×761 34.9 KB 1 ​ ​ Reply Related topics Topic list, column headers with buttons are sortable. Topic Replies Views Activity I’m having trouble with the Telegram API and other services Spaces 3 299 Mar 22 N8n on Hugging Face Space: getaddrinfo ENOTFOUND api.telegram.org Connection Error Spaces 23 2.1k May 6 Dns errors with youtube? Beginners 5 485 Jul 2025 I keep getting error when attempting to connect to some domains e.g, web.whatsapp socket, facebook etc Spaces 3 405 Jan 2025 Hugging Face Support Request: DNS Resolution Issue in Spaces Environment Spaces 1 190 Sep 2025 &nbsp; &nbsp;
    25→
    26→======== page_so_cf.json ========
    27→TITLE: Just a moment...
    28→TEXT LEN: 58
    29→Just a moment... Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
    30→
    31→======== page_hf_discord.json ========
    32→TITLE: GitHub - huggingface/discord-bots
    33→TEXT LEN: 6125
    34→GitHub - huggingface/discord-bots · GitHub Skip to content Navigation Menu Sign in Appearance settings Platform AI CODE CREATION GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Copilot app Direct agents from issue to merge MCP Registry Integrate external tools DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes Code Quality Enforce quality at merge APPLICATION SECURITY GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Code security Secure your code as you build Secret protection Stop leaks before they start EXPLORE Why GitHub Documentation Blog Changelog Marketplace View all features Solutions BY COMPANY SIZE Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits BY USE CASE App Modernization DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases BY INDUSTRY Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources EXPLORE BY TOPIC AI Software Development DevOps Security View all topics EXPLORE BY TYPE Customer stories Events &amp; webinars Ebooks &amp; reports Business insights GitHub Skills SUPPORT &amp; SERVICES Documentation Customer support Community forum Trust center Partners View all resources Open Source COMMUNITY GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers PROGRAMS Security Lab Maintainer Community Accelerator GitHub Stars Archive Program REPOSITORIES Topics Trending Collections Enterprise ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform AVAILABLE ADD-ONS GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for Business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search / Sign in Sign up Appearance settings You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert {{ message }} Uh oh! There was an error while loading. Please reload this page . huggingface / discord-bots Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 7 Star 52 Code Issues 2 Pull requests 2 Actions Projects Security and quality 0 Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security and quality Insights main 2 Branches 0 Tags Go to file Code Open more actions menu Latest commit paulinebm 🔒 Pin GitHub Actions to commit SHAs ( #35 ) Open commit details failure Apr 3, 2026 62f1233 &nbsp;·&nbsp; Apr 3, 2026 History 294 Commits Open commit details 294 Commits Folders and files Name Name Last commit message Last commit date .github/ workflows .github/ workflows 🔒 Pin GitHub Actions to commit SHAs ( #35 ) Apr 3, 2026 codellama codellama Force discord bots into a single channel each if on the Hugging Face … Oct 17, 2023 deepfloydif deepfloydif Force discord bots into a single channel each if on the Hugging Face … Oct 17, 2023 falcon180b falcon180b Force discord bots into a single channel each if on the Hugging Face … Oct 17, 2023 legacy legacy Create audioldm2 Oct 4, 2023 wuerstchen wuerstchen Force discord bots into a single channel each if on the Hugging Face … Oct 17, 2023 Makefile Makefile Update Makefile Oct 4, 2023 README.md README.md Update README.md Oct 11, 2023 pyproject.toml pyproject.toml Rename config.toml to pyproject.toml Jul 26, 2023 requirements.txt requirements.txt git+ https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py.git ---&gt; discord.py Jul 26, 2023 View all files Repository files navigation README More items Our bots 🤖 Bot Code Link Invite Link CodeLlama 13B Code Invite Bot DeepFloydIF Code Invite Bot Falcon 180B Code Invite Bot Wuerstchen Code Invite Bot AudioLDM 2 Code - MusicGen Code - TLDR: How do our bots work ❓ We run the bots inside a free-tier Space , which acts as a server. We use Gradio apps as APIs to use them in our bots Building blocks of a Discord Bot 🤖 Create an application Create a Hugging Face Space Add commands After that, we'll have a working discord bot. So how do we spice it up with machine learning? Using ML demos in your bot 🧠 Almost any Gradio app can be used as an API ! This means we can query most Spaces on the Hugging Face Hub and use them in our discord bots. Here's an extremely simplified example 💻: from gradio_client import Client musicgen = Client ( "huggingface-projects/transformers-musicgen" , hf_token = os . getenv ( "HF_TOKEN" )) # call this function when we use a command + prompt async def music_create ( ctx , prompt ): # run_in_executor for the blocking function loop = asyncio . get_running_loop () job = await loop . run_in_executor ( None , music_create_job , prompt ) # extract what we want from the outputs video = job . outputs ()[ 0 ][ 0 ] # send what we want to discord await thread . send ( video_file ) # submit as a Gradio job; this makes retrieving outputs simpler def music_create_job ( prompt ): # pass prompt and other parameters if necessary job = musicgen . submit ( prompt , api_name = "/predict" ) return job In summary, we: Use a command and specify a prompt ("piano music", for example) Query a specific Gradio Space as an API, and send it our prompt Retrieve the results once done and post them to discord 🎉 And voila! 🎉 For further explorations (depending on your needs), we can recommend checking these out 🧐: Events in discord bots (to automate some behavior) Handling concurrency (important if you're making many concurrent requests at once) UI (discord buttons, interactive fields) (can add a lot of functionality) About No description, website, or topics provided. Resources Readme Activity Custom properties Stars 52 stars Watchers 24 watching Forks 7 forks Report repository Releases No releases published Contributors 3 &nbsp;(3) adamm-hf Adam osanseviero Omar Sanseviero paulinebm Pauline Bailly-Masson Languages Python 99.2% Makefile 0.8% Footer © 2026 GitHub,&nbsp;Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Community Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time. &nbsp;